<span style="font-size:20px; color:orange">ToolsQA | Interactions | Dragabble (Drag and Drop) </span>

**<p style="font-size:16px;"> CHALLENGE</p>**

QA Deberá realizar pruebas e2e con el uso de POM (Page Object Model). <br>
QA Deberá de usar la dependencia de drag-and-drop y deberá de usar coordenadas aleatorias.<br>

**<p style="font-size:16px;"> SCOPE DEL CHALLENGE </p>**

Aprender a obtener elementos;<br>
Aprender a mover elementos dentro del DOM;<br>
Pulir nuestro uso de POM;<br>
Aprender a usar scripts de números aleatorios;<br>

**<p style="font-size:16px;"> AS A QA LEARNER </p>**
I want to test:<br>
- drag an area works as expected in different case scenarios.<br>
So that I can improve my testing skills for this scenario.<br>

**<p style="font-size:16px;"> ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA </p>**

This feature doesn’t need BDD AC - Please take a look into the BRS tab.

**<p style="font-size:16px;"> BUSINESS RULE SPEC </p>**

<span style="font-size:14px; color:yellow">For the component::</span>
- Tabs “Simple”, “Axis Restricted”, “Container Restricted”, “Cursor Style” must be shown.
- Expected:
  - Tab “Simple” is displayed by default.
  - Only one tab is displayed at once.<br><br>


<span style="font-size:14px; color:yellow">For the “Simple” tab:</span>
- “Drag me” dashed area must be displayed.
- Expected behavior: 
  - “Drag me” area can be dragged as desired in any direction.  <br><br>

<span style="font-size:14px; color:yellow">For the “Axis Restricted” tab:</span>
- “Only X” dashed area must be displayed.
  - Expected behavior of the “Only X” area:
    - “Only X” area only can be dragged on the X axis.
- “Only Y” dashed area must be displayed.
  - Expected behavior of the “Only Y” area:
    - “Only Y” area only can be dragged on the Y axis.<br><br>

<span style="font-size:14px; color:yellow">For the “Container Restricted” tab:</span>
- Bordered box with the text “I'm contained within the box” in a bordered area of action must be displayed.
  - Expected behavior of “I'm contained within the box” box:
    - the box can't be dragged out of the delimited area of action.
- Bordered box with the text “I'm contained within my parent” must be displayed. 
  - Expected behavior of “I'm contained within my parent” text:
    - the text can't be dragged out of the delimited area of action.<br><br>

<span style="font-size:14px; color:yellow">For the “Cursor Style” tab:</span>
- A cursor icon will appear on boxes when hovering over.
- “I will always stick to the center” dashed box must be displayed.
  - Expected behavior: 
    - IF: “I will always stick to the center” box is dragged
    - THEN: the cursor must stick to the center of the box.

- “My cursor is at top left” dashed box must be displayed.
  - Expected behavior: 
    - IF: “My cursor is at top left” box is dragged
    - THEN: the cursor must stick to the outside top left of the box.
    - AND: the cursor icon changes to a “+”.

- “My cursor is at bottom” dashed box must be displayed.
  - Expected behavior: 
    - IF: “My cursor is at bottom” box is dragged
    - THEN: the cursor must stick to the bottom center of the box.
    - AND: the cursor hovering icon changes back to the default cursor icon. 