# ✅NEW - ToolsQA | Widgets | Dropdown - Select Menu

#[GX-37637] (https://upexgalaxy26.atlassian.net/browse/GX-37637) Created: 29/09/23 Update: 29/09/23

-   Como: Usuario web de https://demoqa.com/select-menu,

-   Quiero: interactuar con los dropdown,

-   Para: poder elegir la opcion deseada.

Dropdowns: Being located in the section Widgets - Select Menu we will be able to visualize different Dropdowns. [ SELECT VALUE ] : It’s a Dropdown
with grouped options: Group 1 and Group 2. Only one option can be chosen

A placeholder with the message "Select Option" is displayed in the dropdown.

Options available in the group 1

Group 1 Option 1 Group 1 Option 2

Options available in the group 2

Group 1 Option 1 Group 1 Option 2 A root option Another root option

[ SELECT ONE ] : It’s a simple React Dropdown – to select one option

Options available in the dropdown "Select One"

Dr. Mr, Mrs. Ms. Prof. Other

A placeholder with the message "Select Title" is displayed in the dropdown.

[ OLD STYLE SELECT MENU ] : It’s an old Dropdown – to select one option.

options available in the dropdown "Old Style Select Menu"

RED Blue Green Yellow Purple Black White Voilet Indigo Magenta Aqua

The first option (red) is selected by default.

[ MULTISELECT DROP DOWN ] it’s a multiple selection; up to 4 options:

options available in the dropdown "Multiselect Drop Down"

Green Blue Black Red IF all of the options are selected, “No Options” attribute should be displayed in the dropdown.

Also a placeholder with the message "Select…" is displayed in the dropdown.

[ STANDARD MULTI SELECT ] : it’s a simple combo-box (Slots) that can be selected more than one.
