As a QA learner,

I want to test:

drag an area works as expected in different case scenarios.

So that I can improve my testing skills for this scenario.

For the component:

Tabs “Simple”, “Axis Restricted”, “Container Restricted”, “Cursor Style” must be shown.

Expected:

Tab “Simple” is displayed by default.

Only one tab is displayed at once.

For the “Simple” tab:

“Drag me” dashed area must be displayed.

Expected behavior: 

“Drag me” area can be dragged as desired in any direction. 

For the “Axis Restricted” tab:

“Only X” dashed area must be displayed.

Expected behavior of the “Only X” area:

“Only X” area only can be dragged on the X axis.

“Only Y” dashed area must be displayed.

Expected behavior of the “Only Y” area:

“Only Y” area only can be dragged on the Y axis.

For the “Container Restricted” tab:

Bordered box with the text “I'm contained within the box” in a bordered area of action must be displayed.

Expected behavior of “I'm contained within the box” box:

the box can't be dragged out of the delimited area of action.

Bordered box with the text “I'm contained within my parent” must be displayed. 

Expected behavior of “I'm contained within my parent” text:

the text can't be dragged out of the delimited area of action.

For the “Cursor Style” tab:

A cursor icon will appear on boxes when hovering over.

“I will always stick to the center” dashed box must be displayed.

Expected behavior: 

IF: “I will always stick to the center” box is dragged
THEN: the cursor must stick to the center of the box.

“My cursor is at top left” dashed box must be displayed.

Expected behavior: 

IF: “My cursor is at top left” box is dragged
THEN: the cursor must stick to the outside top left of the box.
AND: the cursor icon changes to a “+”.

“My cursor is at bottom” dashed box must be displayed.

Expected behavior: 

IF: “My cursor is at bottom” box is dragged
THEN: the cursor must stick to the bottom center of the box.
AND: the cursor hovering icon changes back to the default cursor icon. 