ToolsQA | Forms | Practice Form

✅ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA

# Filling out a Form

- First Name
- Last Name
- Email
- Mobile Number
- Subjects
- Current Address
- Radio Buttons to choose Gender
- Date Picker
- Check Boxes to choose Hobbies
- Upload picture
- Select menu to choose State and City
- Button Register
- Submit it

As a QA learner, I want to test filling out a form with the mentioned fields so that I can improve my testing skills for this scenario.

### 🚩BUSINESS RULES SPEC

#### FEATURE: Practice Form-Student Registration Form

##### Required fields to submit Form:

- "First Name"
- "Last Name"
- "Gender"
- "Mobile Number"
- "Date of Birth"

For "First Name" and "Last Name", these fields cannot be empty.

- IF field is empty = No message is displayed after submitting and the field turns red.
- IF the field is filled = A popup appears with information uploaded when the data is submitted.

##### For "Email":

- This field can be invalid, empty, or filled.
- This field is invalid when:
  - Does not contain "@"
  - Does not contain (minimum) 1 alphanumeric character before "@"
  - Does not contain (minimum) 1 alphanumeric character after "@"
  - Does not contain "." after 1 alphanumeric character after "@"
  - Does not contain (minimum) 2 alphanumeric characters after "."
- Mockup: "x@x.xx"
- IF field is invalid = No message is displayed after submitting and the field turns red.
- IF field is empty = No message is displayed after submitting.
- IF the field is filled correctly = A popup appears with information uploaded when the data is submitted.

##### Radio Buttons to choose "Gender" (Gender is a required field to submit form):

- Each Radio Button must have the following label, there are a total of 3:
  - Male
  - Female
  - Other
- A popup appears with the information chosen when the data is submitted.

##### For "Mobile Number":

- This field cannot be empty and can only contain exactly 10 numbers.
- IF field is empty OR invalid = No message is displayed after submitting and the field turns red.
- IF the field is filled correctly = A popup appears with information uploaded when the data is submitted.

##### Date Picker:

- The default value is Current Date.
- When a user clicks on the date, a menu appears to choose the date of birth.

##### For "Subjects":

- These fields can't be empty.
- IF field is empty = No message is displayed after submitting.
- IF the field is filled = A popup appears with information uploaded when the data is submitted.

##### Check Boxes to choose Hobbies:

- Each Check Box must have the following label, there are a total of 3:
  - Sports
  - Reading
  - Music
- A popup appears with the information chosen when the data is submitted.

##### Upload picture:

- IF the user clicks on the "Select picture" button:
  - THEN The Explorer is opened to select the file to upload.
- WHEN the user chooses the picture AND clicks to open:
  - THEN the picture is uploaded in the form.
- IF the picture is uploaded = A popup appears with the picture uploaded when the data is submitted.

##### Select the menu to choose State and City

##### For "Current Address":

- These fields can be empty.
- IF field is empty = No message is displayed after submitting.
- IF the field is filled = A popup appears with information uploaded when the data is submitted.

💊VCR Estimation
Estimación para llevar a Automatización, sobre 5 puntos max cada uno:
1: Casi Nada, 2: Poco, 3: Medio 4: Mucho, 5: Demasiado.

📜Value = 3

🎮Cost = 3

🚩Risk = 3
🎲SUMA TOTAL = 9
la Conclusión es: Automation YES

🧪Validations
2206 |TC01 Validar rellenar el formulario con datos validos