# Scope QA:

 - QA Deberá realizar pruebas e2e con el uso de POM (Page Object Model)
 - QA Deberá de usar la dependencia de drag-and-drop 
 - QA Deberá atrapar un elemento y usar alias para usarlo.

# Objetivo del test:

 - Aprender a obtener elementos;
 - Aprender a mover elementos dentro del DOM;
 - Aprender a utilizar alias;
 - Pulir nuestro uso de POM;

# Descripción

 * As a QA learner,
 * I want to test:
  - drag and drop working as expected in different case scenarios.
 * So that I can improve my testing skills for this scenario.

# BUSINESS RULES SPEC

* For the component: 
 - Tabs “Simple”, “Accept”, “Prevent Propogation”, “Revert Draggable” must be shown.
 - Expected: 
  * Tab “Simple” is displayed by default.
  * Only one tab is displayed at once.
  * Prevent “*Propogation*” is accepted. 
* For the “Simple” tab:
 - “Drag me” dashed area must be displayed.
 - “Drop here” bordered area must be displayed.
 - Expected behavior: 
  * WHEN: “Drag me” area is dropped on the “Drop here” area
	THEN: the “Drop here” area changes the background color to blue
	AFTER: text “Dropped!” is displayed.
* For the “Accept” tab:
 - “Acceptable” dashed area must be displayed.
 - “Not Acceptable” dashed area must be displayed.
 - “Drop here” bordered area must be displayed.
 - Expected behavior of “Acceptable” area: 
  * IF: “Acceptable” area is dragged
	THEN: “Drop here” area changes the background color to Green.
  * IF: “Acceptable” area is dropped in the “Drop here” area
	THEN: “Drop here” area changes the background color to Blue
	AFTER: text “Dropped!” is displayed. 
* For the “Prevent Propogation” tab:
 - “Drag me” dashed area must be displayed.
 - “Outer Droppable” bordered area must be displayed
  * AND: it contains “Inner droppable (not greedy)” area inside.
 - “Outer Droppable” bordered area must be displayed
  * AND: it contains “Inner droppable (greedy)” area inside.
 - Expected behavior of the first “Outer Droppable” area: 
  * IF: “Drag me” area is dragged
	THEN: “Outer Droppable” area changes the background color to Green.
  * IF: “Drag me” area is dragged to “Inner droppable (not greedy)” area
	THEN: the “Outer Droppable” area and the “Inner droppable (not greedy)” area change the background color to Light Green.
 - Expected behavior of the second “Outer Droppable” area: 
   * IF: “Drag me” area is dragged
	THEN: “Outer Droppable” area changes the background color to Green.
   * IF: “Drag me” area is dragged to “Inner droppable (greedy)” area
	THEN: the “Inner droppable (greedy)” area changes the background color to Light Green.
* For the “Revert Draggable” tab: 
 - “Will Revert” dashed area must be displayed.
 - “Not Revert” dashed area must be displayed.
 - “Drop here” bordered area must be displayed.
 - Expected behavior of “Drop here”:
  * IF: “Will Revert” area or “Not Revert” area is dragged
   THEN: “Drop here” area changes the background color to Green.
  * IF: “Will Revert” area is dropped on the “Drop here” area
	THEN: “Will Revert” area goes back to the initial position. 
   * AND: “Drop here” area changes the background color to Blue
   * AND: text “Dropped” is displayed
  * IF: “Not Revert” area is dropped on the “Drop here” area
    THEN: “Not Revert” area can’t be removed from the “Drop here” area
   * AND: “Drop here” area changes the background color to Blue
   * AND: text “Dropped” is displayed