# ⚡️ToolsQA | Interactions | Selectable

[GX3-1732](https://upexgalaxy34.atlassian.net/browse/GX3-1732) Created: 23/1/24 Updated: 23/1/24

## **_Challenge para QA:_**

Se requiere que realices pruebas automatizadas del SUT (Sistema bajo prueba) utilizando el patrón de diseño de Page Object Model (POM). Para esto,
deberás utilizar cualquier tipo de selector de objetos que hayas aprendido previamente, exceptuando el uso de Xpath.

Además, deberás asegurarte de que la cobertura de pruebas sea completa para el SUT.

## **_Objetivo del challenge:_**

El objetivo de este challenge es que puedas integrar y aplicar el patrón de diseño de Page Object Model, incluyendo su creación, uso, exportación e
importación. Asimismo, se busca que puedas seleccionar los objetos necesarios para realizar las pruebas de manera efectiva.

-   As a QA learner,
-   I want to test:
    -   **Selectable list is displaying and working as expected.**
    -   **Selectable grid is displaying and working as expected.**
-   So that I can improve my testing skills for this scenario.

## **_Business Rules SPEC:_**

-   For the component:

    -   The tabs “List” and “Gird” must be showing by default.
    -   The tab “List” must be opened by default showing the contained list of items.
    -   Expected behavior:

        -   Only one tab can be displayed at once.
        -   “List” and “Grid” items have to be able to be selected and deselected.
        -   Selected items have a blue background and white font.
        -   Unselected items have a white background and black font.

-   For the “List” tab:

    -   Default List items:

        -   Cras justo odio
        -   Dapibus ac facilisis in
        -   Morbi leo risus
        -   Porta ac consectetur ac

    -   Default “List” items state: Unselected
    -   Expected behavior: all the List items have to be able to be selected or deselected as desired.
    -   WHEN: any list item is clicked
    -   AND: it’s Unselected
    -   THEN: the clicked item changes to a blue background.

-   For the “Grid” tab:

    -   Default Grid items:

        -   One
        -   Two
        -   Three
        -   Four
        -   Five
        -   Six
        -   Seven
        -   Eight
        -   Nine

    -   Expected display: 3 x 3 grid.
    -   Expected items status: Selected.
    -   Expected behavior: List items have to be able to be deselected and selected as desired.
    -   WHEN: any grid item is clicked
    -   AND: it's Selected
    -   THEN: the clicked item changes to a white background.
