Descripción

As a QA learner,

I want to test:

Add a register with:
First name
Last name
Email
Age
Salary
Department

Filter a register search by field.

Ordering a register.

Edit a register.

Remove a register.

Perform a registers pagination by rows number.

And moving between the paginations by: 
the “previous” button.
the “next” button.
the “page” field.

So that I can improve my testing skill for this scenario.

BUSINESS RULES SPE

For the Button “add”:

IF: button “ADD” is clicked

THEN: A pop-up is displayed. It contains a registration form empty with the following structure: 

LABEL “First name”:

INPUT: placeholder “First name” (Only accept text)

LABEL “Last name”:

INPUT: placeholder “Last name” (Only accept text)

LABEL “Email”:

INPUT: placeholder “name@example.com” (Only accept text, special characters, and numbers)

LABEL “Age”:

INPUT: placeholder “Age” (Only accept numbers)

LABEL “Salary”:

INPUT: placeholder “Salary” (Only accept numbers)

LABEL “Department”:

INPUT: placeholder “Department” (Only accept text)

Button “SUBMIT”:

IF: button “SUBMIT” is clicked

THEN: the register is added to the table.

Button “EXIT”:

IF: button “EXIT” is clicked

THEN: the registration form is closed. (Note if the data isn't saved, it will be lost).

For the Search bar:

Contain the following structure:

Search box:

INPUT: placeholder “Type to search”

Icon search.

IF: a text is entered on the search bar

THEN: a list of coincidences will be shown from the first char entered onwards.

For the WEB TABLE the structure must be*:* 

Fields like:

First Name:

IF: First Name is clicked

Then: the register list will be sorted alphabetically.

Last Name:

IF: Last Name is clicked

THEN: the register list will be sorted alphabetically.

Age:

No action on this.

Email:

IF: Email is clicked

THEN: the register list will be sorted alphabetically.

Salary:

IF: Salary is clicked

THEN: the register list will be sorted from minor to major amount.

Department:

IF: Department is clicked

THEN: the register list will be sorted alphabetically.

Action:

IF: Action is clicked

THEN: the register list will be sorted alphabetically.

For the Edit button: 

IF: Edit button is clicked

THEN: A pop-up is displayed. It contains the registration form with the register data included to be modified.

For the Delete button: 

IF: Delete button is clicked

THEN: the register on the row will be deleted.

For the Pagination section: 

Its structure must be the following:

Horizontal scroll bar:

IF: the horizontal scroll is pressed

THEN: it lets you move the window viewing area left, or right.

Previous button:

IF: the previous button is clicked 

THEN: the previous registers page will be shown.

Next button:

IF: the next button is clicked

THEN: the next registers page will be shown.

Info page box:

IF: a page number is entered on this

AND: enter button is pressed

THEN: the registers list of that page will be displayed.

Page size options box:

IF: the page size options box is clicked

THEN: a rows per page options list will be displayed. The options are the following: 

5 rows

10 rows

20 rows

25 rows

50 rows

100 ros